h1. Ruby Murmur Manager

This is a quick library and control script for managing a murmur daemon on the DBus system bus.

h3. Getting and installing

pre. @git clone git://github.com/cheald/murmur-manager.git
git submodule init
git submodule update@

h3. Commands

pre. [server-id]                             List a server's config
[server-id] set [key] [val]             Set a server's config value
[server-id] start                       Start a server
[server-id] stop                        Stop a server
[server-id] destroy                     Permanently destroy a server
new                                     Create a new server
list                                    List existing servers

h3. Example usage: Creating and configuring a new virtual server

@# ./manager.rb list@

pre. Server ID       Running
---------       ------
1               true
2               true

@# ./manager.rb new@

pre. Server created. New ID is 2
Server config:
-------------
allowhtml                               true
obfuscate                               false
registerhostname
certificate                             ...
port                                    64738
registerurl
timeout                                 30
defaultchannel                          0
textmessagelength                       5000
username                                [-=\w\[\]\{\}\(\)\@\|\.]+
welcometext                             <br />Welcome to this server running <b>Murmur</b>.<br />Enjoy your stay!<br />
bonjour                                 true
certrequired                            false
channelname                             [ \-=\w\#\[\]\{\}\(\)\@\|]+
registername
bandwidth                               72000
host                                    0:0:0:0:0:0:0:0
registerpassword
users                                   100
key                                     ...
password

@# ./manager.rb list@

pre. Server ID       Running
---------       ------
1               true
2               true
3               false

@# ./manager.rb 3 set port 54321@

pre. Server ID 3: port set to 612312
Server restarted

@# ./manager.rb 3 set welcometext "Welcome to my Mumble server"@

pre. Server ID 3: welcometext set to Welcome to my Mumble server
Server restarted

@# ./manager.rb 3 set superuser_password mynewpassword@

pre. Server ID 3: superuser_password set to mynewpassword
Server restarted

@# ./manager.rb 3 start@

Tada! A new virtual server has been spawned.